com/getcapacitor/PluginLoadException.java
 com.getcapacitor.PluginLoadException
com/getcapacitor/PluginManager.java
 com.getcapacitor.PluginManager
com/getcapacitor/Bridge.java
 com.getcapacitor.Bridge
 com.getcapacitor.Bridge$1
 com.getcapacitor.Bridge$Builder
com/getcapacitor/cordova/CapacitorCordovaCookieManager.java
 com.getcapacitor.cordova.CapacitorCordovaCookieManager
com/getcapacitor/plugin/util/AssetUtil.java
 com.getcapacitor.plugin.util.AssetUtil
com/getcapacitor/PluginInvocationException.java
 com.getcapacitor.PluginInvocationException
com/getcapacitor/Logger.java
 com.getcapacitor.Logger
com/getcapacitor/NativePlugin.java
 com.getcapacitor.NativePlugin
com/getcapacitor/CapacitorWebView.java
 com.getcapacitor.CapacitorWebView
com/getcapacitor/JSArray.java
 com.getcapacitor.JSArray
com/getcapacitor/JSInjector.java
 com.getcapacitor.JSInjector
com/getcapacitor/JSObject.java
 com.getcapacitor.JSObject
com/getcapacitor/annotation/ActivityCallback.java
 com.getcapacitor.annotation.ActivityCallback
com/getcapacitor/UriMatcher.java
 com.getcapacitor.UriMatcher
com/getcapacitor/PluginHandle.java
 com.getcapacitor.PluginHandle
com/getcapacitor/PluginCall.java
 com.getcapacitor.PluginCall
 com.getcapacitor.PluginCall$PluginCallDataTypeException
com/getcapacitor/PluginMethodHandle.java
 com.getcapacitor.PluginMethodHandle
com/getcapacitor/cordova/MockCordovaWebViewImpl.java
 com.getcapacitor.cordova.MockCordovaWebViewImpl
 com.getcapacitor.cordova.MockCordovaWebViewImpl$CapacitorEvalBridgeMode
com/getcapacitor/BridgeFragment.java
 com.getcapacitor.BridgeFragment
com/getcapacitor/util/WebColor.java
 com.getcapacitor.util.WebColor
com/getcapacitor/util/HostMask.java
 com.getcapacitor.util.HostMask
 com.getcapacitor.util.HostMask$Any
 com.getcapacitor.util.HostMask$Nothing
 com.getcapacitor.util.HostMask$Parser
 com.getcapacitor.util.HostMask$Simple
 com.getcapacitor.util.HostMask$Util
com/getcapacitor/PluginResult.java
 com.getcapacitor.PluginResult
com/getcapacitor/util/PermissionHelper.java
 com.getcapacitor.util.PermissionHelper
com/getcapacitor/android/BuildConfig.java
 com.getcapacitor.android.BuildConfig
com/getcapacitor/AndroidProtocolHandler.java
 com.getcapacitor.AndroidProtocolHandler
com/getcapacitor/BridgeWebChromeClient.java
 com.getcapacitor.BridgeWebChromeClient
 com.getcapacitor.BridgeWebChromeClient$ActivityResultListener
 com.getcapacitor.BridgeWebChromeClient$PermissionListener
com/getcapacitor/util/JSONUtils.java
 com.getcapacitor.util.JSONUtils
com/getcapacitor/annotation/PermissionCallback.java
 com.getcapacitor.annotation.PermissionCallback
com/getcapacitor/JSExportException.java
 com.getcapacitor.JSExportException
com/getcapacitor/BridgeActivity.java
 com.getcapacitor.BridgeActivity
com/getcapacitor/PluginMethod.java
 com.getcapacitor.PluginMethod
com/getcapacitor/WebViewLocalServer.java
 com.getcapacitor.WebViewLocalServer
 com.getcapacitor.WebViewLocalServer$1
 com.getcapacitor.WebViewLocalServer$LazyInputStream
 com.getcapacitor.WebViewLocalServer$LollipopLazyInputStream
 com.getcapacitor.WebViewLocalServer$PathHandler
com/getcapacitor/InvalidPluginException.java
 com.getcapacitor.InvalidPluginException
com/getcapacitor/App.java
 com.getcapacitor.App
 com.getcapacitor.App$AppRestoredListener
 com.getcapacitor.App$AppStatusChangeListener
com/getcapacitor/annotation/CapacitorPlugin.java
 com.getcapacitor.annotation.CapacitorPlugin
com/getcapacitor/InvalidPluginMethodException.java
 com.getcapacitor.InvalidPluginMethodException
com/getcapacitor/CapConfig.java
 com.getcapacitor.CapConfig
 com.getcapacitor.CapConfig$1
 com.getcapacitor.CapConfig$Builder
com/getcapacitor/FileUtils.java
 com.getcapacitor.FileUtils
 com.getcapacitor.FileUtils$Type
com/getcapacitor/Plugin.java
 com.getcapacitor.Plugin
com/getcapacitor/BridgeWebViewClient.java
 com.getcapacitor.BridgeWebViewClient
com/getcapacitor/annotation/Permission.java
 com.getcapacitor.annotation.Permission
com/getcapacitor/JSExport.java
 com.getcapacitor.JSExport
com/getcapacitor/PermissionState.java
 com.getcapacitor.PermissionState
com/getcapacitor/MessageHandler.java
 com.getcapacitor.MessageHandler
com/getcapacitor/plugin/WebView.java
 com.getcapacitor.plugin.WebView
com/getcapacitor/cordova/MockCordovaInterfaceImpl.java
 com.getcapacitor.cordova.MockCordovaInterfaceImpl
com/getcapacitor/PluginConfig.java
 com.getcapacitor.PluginConfig
com/getcapacitor/WebViewListener.java
 com.getcapacitor.WebViewListener
